next performance at 13 so far her talent predicted
So well over the rounds have come up with such as Weber and our Sifa researchers
to the season finale on the third of October in Hockenheim starting place
next to Bryant the final score in the first row
after being behind the Englishmen the previous day with a cut of over
200 km / h
had driven the second fastest training time
at the helm Brian White Men reports DFL
then she puts neither for the SPD who makes at PS PS
again one and six years
would have a hard time
here work closely with the start number 38
proud as he wrote all alone in the basin
essentially weavers
At the beginning of the fourth lap Vettel passed again
whose Mecklar and sour and now was the way for the operation has the
Grade 2 in second place
Here we see the GWK researchers
go again in a curve in the direction
Position two and eleven seconds lead Emsdetten
Helmut Kellinghaus
Evil tension and excitement draw the faces of the Gesiba each time
be tested her pilot on the home stretch appears and the precise
must be displayed
this is currently in the position in the race
After position fight on which conditions around 11 we may be missing
but with the quake that day in the form of his life
should also trust the new 5 liter machine
which instead of a defect they have been exchanged in the engine of his project
and how is this fantastic position until the end of the 40 laps
he was the only one out of four Brian Redman not lapped and landed
an unexpected second place
the award ceremony by his sports-loving Minister of Finance Odeon
there were only satisfied ones
and happy faces
this despite the strongest international competition he put our racing team
with his partner Michael Weber
the seniors and guests from the pleasing third rank in the
Appreciation of the Interseries 1971